Confidential identity for road sales
What did the old man say to you?
Grandpa, how dare you call me that?
Such a noble figure
I've called him that since I was a kid
What's so strange about growing up?
Is that what his grandfather didn't say on the phone just now?
I really came back to this house unexpectedly
Um, great, great.
I said it was a coincidence.
Why is Lin Jia always interested in the two of you?
Gao family for profit
Forcing a weak man to marry Lin Weiting
I broke their engagement
If the Lin family is not convinced, they have been causing trouble for me.
There is such a thing
Well, the last scandal.
It was made by Lin Wanting.
Some things are inconvenient for you to cross me
Use me to do it
Sure. That's great.
Thank you, Mr. Zhang.
I don't like this.
This
Let's go
Take you to the Lins' house and shovel them